README.md, before:

# Title: Tic Tac Toe App

## Type:
- WDi Project0

## Project Description:
- Build a web application from scratch, without a starter codebase
- Mapping out the game logic for Tic Tac Toe with the use of HTML,CSS and Javascript
- Build a dynamic game that allows two players to compete

### Game Objectives:
- Win the game by strategically selecting where to place their marks
- The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical or diagonal row wins the game

### Game Instructions:
- Each player to enter their name and select icons before commencing the game. If neither players enter name and/or select icons, default player names and icons will be assigned to them
- Once icons have been selected, each player will take turns to play the game by selecting a box until a player either wins or the game reaches a draw at the end of the 9th turn
- Scoreboard under the game board will keep track of game rounds

### Specifications:
- Switch turns between player 1 and player 2
- Visually display which side won if a player gets three in a row or show a draw/"cat’s game" if neither wins
- Include separate HTML / CSS / JavaScript files
- Use of JavaScript and JQuery
- Use semantic markup for HTML and CSS (adhere to best practices)

### Features:
- Enter name field for each player
- Icon selection for each player
- Board auto-reset once game is over
- Multiple games counter

### Game URL: [link for game](https://hen-chow.github.io/tictactoe/)

Commit message:

updated js and index files with comments

README.md, after:

# Title: Tic Tac Toe App

## Type:
- WDi Project0

## Project Description:
- Build a web application from scratch, without a starter codebase
- Mapping out the game logic for Tic Tac Toe with the use of HTML,CSS and Javascript
- Build a dynamic game that allows two players to compete

### Game Objectives:
- Win the game by strategically selecting where to place their marks
- The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical or diagonal row wins the game

### Game Instructions:
- Each player to enter their name and select icons before commencing the game. If neither players enter name and/or select icons, default player names and icons will be assigned to them
- Once icons have been selected, each player will take turns to play the game by selecting a box until a player either wins or the game reaches a draw at the end of the 9th turn
- Scoreboard under the game board will keep track of game rounds

### Specifications:
- Switch turns between player 1 and player 2
- Visually display which side won if a player gets three in a row or show a draw/"cat’s game" if neither wins
- Include separate HTML / CSS / JavaScript files
- Use of JavaScript and JQuery
- Use semantic markup for HTML and CSS (adhere to best practices)

### Features:
- Enter name field for each player
- Icon selection for each player
- Board auto-reset once game is over
- Multiple games counter
- Select to start new game (whilst keeping existing players info) or new game with new players
- Select to switch off audio for those who prefer a more quiet experience

### Game URL: [link for game](https://hen-chow.github.io/tictactoe/)
